README.md, before:

# Turborepo starter

This is a community-maintained example. If you experience a problem, please submit a pull request with a fix. GitHub Issues will be closed.

## Using this example

Run the following command:

```bash
npx create-turbo@latest -e with-nestjs
```

## What's inside?

This Turborepo includes the following packages/apps:

### Apps and Packages

    .
    ├── apps
    │   ├── api                       # NestJS app (https://nestjs.com).
    │   └── web                       # Next.js app (https://nextjs.org).
    └── packages
        ├── @repo/api                 # Shared `NestJS` resources.
        ├── @repo/eslint-config       # `eslint` configurations (includes `prettier`)
        ├── @repo/jest-config         # `jest` configurations
        ├── @repo/typescript-config   # `tsconfig.json`s used throughout the monorepo
        └── @repo/ui                  # Shareable stub React component library.

Each package and application are 100% [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) safe.

### Utilities

This `Turborepo` has some additional tools already set for you:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for static type-safety
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for code linting
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) for code formatting
- [Jest](https://prettier.io) & [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) for testing

### Commands

This `Turborepo` already configured useful commands for all your apps and packages.

#### Build

```bash
# Will build all the app & packages with the supported `build` script.
pnpm run build

# ℹ️ If you plan to only build apps individually,
# Please make sure you've built the packages first.
```

#### Develop

```bash
# Will run the development server for all the app & packages with the supported `dev` script.
pnpm run dev
```

#### test

```bash
# Will launch a test suites for all the app & packages with the supported `test` script.
pnpm run test

# You can launch e2e testes with `test:e2e`
pnpm run test:e2e

# See `@repo/jest-config` to customize the behavior.
```

#### Lint

```bash
# Will lint all the app & packages with the supported `lint` script.
# See `@repo/eslint-config` to customize the behavior.
pnpm run lint
```

#### Format

```bash
# Will format all the supported `.ts,.js,json,.tsx,.jsx` files.
# See `@repo/eslint-config/prettier-base.js` to customize the behavior.
pnpm format
```

### Remote Caching

> [!TIP]
> Vercel Remote Cache is free for all plans. Get started today at [vercel.com](https://vercel.com/signup?/signup?utm_source=remote-cache-sdk&utm_campaign=free_remote_cache).

Turborepo can use a technique known as [Remote Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching) to share cache artifacts across machines, enabling you to share build caches with your team and CI/CD pipelines.

By default, Turborepo will cache locally. To enable Remote Caching you will need an account with Vercel. If you don't have an account you can [create one](https://vercel.com/signup?utm_source=turborepo-examples), then enter the following commands:

```bash
npx turbo login
```

This will authenticate the Turborepo CLI with your [Vercel account](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/personal-accounts/overview).

Next, you can link your Turborepo to your Remote Cache by running the following command from the root of your Turborepo:

```bash
npx turbo link
```

## Useful Links

Learn more about the power of Turborepo:

- [Tasks](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/running-tasks)
- [Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/caching)
- [Remote Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching)
- [Filtering](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/running-tasks#using-filters)
- [Configuration Options](https://turborepo.com/docs/reference/configuration)
- [CLI Usage](https://turborepo.com/docs/reference/command-line-reference)

Commit message:

docs: ratify Postscript constitution v1.0.0
- Establish 7 core principles for TypeScript monorepo development
- Define security, architecture, and workflow standards
- Align templates with constitutional requirements
- Set governance and amendment processes

README.md, after:

# _postscript

This is a Turbrorepo monorepo containing application code for the _postscript jouralling application. This application is intended to make journalling easier for people who don't like journalling. Users can sign up to receive journalling prompts at any frequency they choose. They then respond to those prompts with entries.

## What's inside?

This Turborepo includes the following packages/apps:

### Apps and Packages

    .
    ├── apps
    │   ├── api                       # NestJS app (https://nestjs.com).
    │   └── web                       # Next.js app (https://nextjs.org).
    └── packages
        ├── @repo/api                 # Shared `NestJS` resources.
        ├── @repo/eslint-config       # `eslint` configurations (includes `prettier`)
        ├── @repo/jest-config         # `jest` configurations
        ├── @repo/typescript-config   # `tsconfig.json`s used throughout the monorepo
        └── @repo/prisma              # Shareable prisma database schema and configuration.

Each package and application are 100% [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) safe.

### Utilities

This `Turborepo` has some additional tools already set for you:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for static type-safety
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for code linting
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) for code formatting
- [Jest](https://prettier.io) & [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) for testing

### Commands

This `Turborepo` already configured useful commands for all your apps and packages.

#### Build

```bash
# Will build all the app & packages with the supported `build` script.
pnpm run build

# ℹ️ If you plan to only build apps individually,
# Please make sure you've built the packages first.
```

#### Develop

```bash
# Will run the development server for all the app & packages with the supported `dev` script.
pnpm run dev
```

#### test

```bash
# Will launch a test suites for all the app & packages with the supported `test` script.
pnpm run test

# You can launch e2e testes with `test:e2e`
pnpm run test:e2e

# See `@repo/jest-config` to customize the behavior.
```

#### Lint

```bash
# Will lint all the app & packages with the supported `lint` script.
# See `@repo/eslint-config` to customize the behavior.
pnpm run lint
```

#### Format

```bash
# Will format all the supported `.ts,.js,json,.tsx,.jsx` files.
# See `@repo/eslint-config/prettier-base.js` to customize the behavior.
pnpm format
```

### Remote Caching

> [!TIP]
> Vercel Remote Cache is free for all plans. Get started today at [vercel.com](https://vercel.com/signup?/signup?utm_source=remote-cache-sdk&utm_campaign=free_remote_cache).

Turborepo can use a technique known as [Remote Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching) to share cache artifacts across machines, enabling you to share build caches with your team and CI/CD pipelines.

By default, Turborepo will cache locally. To enable Remote Caching you will need an account with Vercel. If you don't have an account you can [create one](https://vercel.com/signup?utm_source=turborepo-examples), then enter the following commands:

```bash
npx turbo login
```

This will authenticate the Turborepo CLI with your [Vercel account](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/personal-accounts/overview).

Next, you can link your Turborepo to your Remote Cache by running the following command from the root of your Turborepo:

```bash
npx turbo link
```

## Useful Links

Learn more about the power of Turborepo:

- [Tasks](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/running-tasks)
- [Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/caching)
- [Remote Caching](https://turborepo.com/docs/core-concepts/remote-caching)
- [Filtering](https://turborepo.com/docs/crafting-your-repository/running-tasks#using-filters)
- [Configuration Options](https://turborepo.com/docs/reference/configuration)
- [CLI Usage](https://turborepo.com/docs/reference/command-line-reference)
